Jie Feng

3501 St. Paul St., Apt. 736, Baltimore, MD21218, 443-996-2046
jiefeng.hopkins@gmail.com


Dear HR Manager,

I would like to recommend myself for the summer internship Program of 2014 from your decent compaty. 
I am currently a graduate student in Information Security Institute at The Johns Hopkins University, where I have acquired valuable skills in computer security and software developing.


While browsing the general information of interships, I came across your hiring page, and immidiately, I realized that this internship is what I want and amazon's team is what I want to work with.


Amazon has a unparalleled team in buiding web services and solving all kinds of problems coming from these services. 
Since I have 
This is a team which requires both strong web developing skills and high problem solving capabilities. I happen to meet both requirements and I know how happy I am when am doing web projects and hacking hard problems.

From 2011 to 2013, I led a team in developing a large web project which was aiming at providing more than 20000 students online examinations services. 
The work was very tough at first for a team merely consisted of sophomores and a team which has no web developing experience at all. As a leader of that team, I know how hard I was at that point of time.

In that project, I 


advanced web technologies from 2011 to 2013, which you can see clearly from my resume. I also showed great leadership in that project since I created the team and led the team for nearly two years.

I am very suitable for this internship which you can see from my strong experience in both web developing and problem solving. 

This kind of experience and leadership in web developing is quite rare among my peers. 
Besides, I have very strong skills in problem solving and algorithm hacking. I have constantly taking persistent effort in algorithm practicing since I was a high school kid, which is 7 years ago. I have practiced more than 1500 pieces of algorithm programs in a vast areas including advanced data structures(such as Segment Tree, Block tree, Trie), advanced searching algorithms, graph theory, dynamic programming, number theory,  computation geometry, combinatorial mathematics.
My strong skills in problem solving can also be shown by the excellent performances I have done in serveral world-wide and contry-wide algorithm contests, and I have put them in my resume.  As a result, my constant training in problem solving and algorithm hacking gives me great confidence in building softwares and doing projects.


I'm sure if I’m given an interview opportunity, I will be able to impress you about 
I appreciate your consideration of this application, and I look forward to hearing from you. 

Please review my attached resume for more details on the following qualifications:
    •Excellent problem solving skill and algorithm background.
    •Five years commitment with Linux and Linux utilities.
    •High experience of programming using scripting languages.
    •Professional knowledge of web design and database implementation.




Jie Feng
3501 St. Paul St., Apt. 736, Baltimore, MD21218, 443-996-2046
jiefeng.hopkins@gmail.com

Dear Hiring Professional:

I would like to recommend myself for the summer internship Program of 2014 offered by amazon. 
I am currently a graduate student in The Johns Hopkins University, where I have acquired valuable skills in both computer security and software developing.
While browsing the general information of internships, I came across your hiring page, and immediately, I realized that the skills amazon needed matches mine perfectly.
To take advantage of one's skills in his daily work enable him works more productively and more cheerfully. 
That's why I applied to this position and why I need this opportunity.    
The attached resume details my extensive experience and training in algorithm, cryptography, security, Linux, scripting languages, database and web design. 
My resume will give you an understanding my skills in a nutshell.
However, I would be able to convince you about what I have demonstrated in the resume if I'm given an interview opportunity.
Please contact me if you have any questions.

Sincerely,
Jie Feng




